Some clarifications and cleanup for custom domains and service bindings (#5927)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/routing/_index.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Routing
layout: single
---

# Routing

## Background

To allow a Worker to receive inbound HTTP requests, you must connect it to an external endpoint such that it can be accessed by the Internet. There are two ways to route to a Worker: 

1. [Custom Domains](/workers/platform/routing/custom-domains).

and

2. [Routes](/workers/platform/routing/routes).

> Routes add Workers functionality to your existing proxied hostnames, in front of your application server. These allow your  Workers to act as a 'proxy' and perform any necessary work before reaching out to an application server behind Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes add Workers functionality to your existing proxied hostnames, in front of your application server. These allow your  Workers to act as a proxy and perform any necessary work before reaching out to an application server behind Cloudflare.
```

> Custom Domains automatically attach a Worker to your hostname by creating a DNS record and an SSL certificate on your behalf. With Custom Domains, there's no application server to 'phone home' to - and that also means your application can use the power of Cloudflare’s global network to run your application. Custom Domains can also be invoked within the same zone via `fetch()`, unlike Routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Domains automatically attach a Worker to your hostname by creating a DNS record and an SSL certificate on your behalf. With Custom Domains, there is no application server to travel to because your Custom Domain is considered as the origin server. Your application will use Cloudflare’s global network to run your application. Custom Domains can also be invoked within the same zone via `fetch()`, unlike Routes.
```

Reviewer: Phone home is a bit jargon-y, tried to change this to something more matter of fact explanatory
